Bump Kani version to 0.46.0 (#3013)
model-checking/kani: CHANGELOG.md

This file was introduced starting Kani 0.23.0, so it only contains changes from version 0.23.0 onwards.

## [0.46.0]

## What's Changed
* `modifies` Clauses for Function Contracts by @JustusAdam in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2800
* Fix ICEs due to mismatched arguments by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2994. Resolves the following issues:
  * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2260
  * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2312
* Enable powf*, exp*, log* intrinsics by @tautschnig in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2996

> * Upgrade Rust toolchain to nightly-2024-01-23 by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2983
> * Upgrade Rust toolchain to nightly-2024-01-24 by @feliperodri in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/3008

Reviewer: We usually merge them too:
```suggestion
* Upgrade Rust toolchain to nightly-2024-01-24 by @celinval @feliperodri @qinheping
```

This file was introduced starting Kani 0.23.0, so it only contains changes from version 0.23.0 onwards.

## [0.46.0]

## What's Changed
* `modifies` Clauses for Function Contracts by @JustusAdam in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2800
* Fix ICEs due to mismatched arguments by @celinval in https://github.com/model-checking/kani/pull/2994. Resolves the following issues:

>   * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2260
>   * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2312
>   * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/1365
>   * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/1350

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2260
  * https://github.com/model-checking/kani/issues/2312
```
